 ῑι9ι 1 ΑΝΤΟΝῙΑΝΑ , , „129

·'Vdfivimgxastsseminvkrbisil? ‘tem‘locum-effestmatricemcon
Ιιειιιιιίιιειῦιιῑξζιιῗᾶἰιιι(ἳιὲὲὶὺρᾳιιιιελ Ριιῖιιιίοιιιιιι phamafmatajgno-zj
effepmat‚³etiamssimigoreffloine minam}*.·Vitim}aq;il‘la2verssa,1
teffigiposshnssnffnostmmssfauoe ιιιιιιιιιειιιρὶιιιιιᾶιιᾳιιιιιιις-ὶιιεῑ
15²„Affguffinnse‘aim*deceptus ·· ιιριιίιιΰοιιιιῐι absmchu2m52
opinatssufxestfftpostpaffimmd* scilicet3eonfidcrarequalefuent
stmhifmusssnimisemienzc':fine ·id,qu‘0dinwitiu‘³e³cognitiz-fuic,
izimititxffiucabsttaQi·u'6'fc{pfi aceti-'am qualt'fit‘hotilli smnio
zffcffiianuxostereffss'rnhunefe} ἰιιιδάςιιιειιιαῑριειιιιιιιιιιεὶ1ιὲιή
[ιιιιιῖιιιιὲᾶιιιὶιὴιιισςιιιιιοιιεεῖ· ³dafuntinfensnsupra'cxphcitm
ftifiwumfpraefitn'tiumgemroni putssanrtmmipsamahma&
affimagiflibus‘inanima,praetft·- ue*-cofgffofeememgfe'ipsamcoa ν
rjtafflngmheadfico'gssnosch gnosceresszffestamab iinagine·
ffQntas'eenztnfia {hspffloem merifisneii.&a,c&mabstraffln&
stnffimhabkrepotcstVnusvt efigfissseifflqveuomfflgusti
ioqmthugustmuss-defi& nusfimsteaspicerm&idemm-
Roma,q'gae;ut-d1xzi;cz›mpoqeffl '‘fetaqufidpumintuitffissviden
da'necgffizi&ktaec'ti. parti-‘Q ‘anima {iiquavm-remcxterioffi
qua-3²iiJation2habei33cperfhoq scipfamimagsnereivisgaffcffi
ιιοιιριὲιρὲῗῐῑγξιιιέιῖιι,ἷςιι”Αιὲιιῖ-ἑ ὶιιιιεεοιιΐριέιικΐεῑςιιιὸιιςιιιοκ
Ϊειιιιίἆθιι,;;ἕεά iuxta: Rhenfifve} dicemusscsxm‘eundem Αιιςιι-ι
Ηιιιιιιὺιιιιιιιῳιιεειιιὲἒιιιῑι δε stmumnobiscum,exccptispau
fichsestssfficonferamr veraessfitae ‘cizsenti'temcistsaucrimuss -
circaTyberim.A}ioffio<{o,vt {SeptimaAtistotelissente'tia
fizstnsusssssvcraestRomacxt6÷ , ‘extentio‘ vde: animm nonahud
ridt',falsaRomacsthaecimag0÷<- vulnqnfimqussdvelutifine sen
qnamdumsqogkto3&cognosc<‡ fibssibuss'ensusnequaquamse-
abstraffiafflfingo‘toramlmeest 'ti-renimfinephantasmatibusm
fessn‘onpercogasst‘sdnem11nwiti ‘tchstusnoxiintcssigerct,quod·
uamimaginixsedperaffcffloa quantumveritatishabeat,post
nemfafiiam &eadem-inpasti cflmdcimellcffls afflbusege- 1350ng
, interiuscognbfccntcni.‡'[and3 rimuxdjscutstmus. aliqum
nulle sensuGregoriofanessncc' {Pnfifquequfim-qnartimotus Au' usu·

v, . ιιοὸιιιάἰιιιίιιιιις. 21: brutorumcauffamredda1n‚& no, bug

” ἔδειιιιειωιιιιιιιάριοὺει,ςιιὲ {ntessc'dku'shumaniffiusdiscu- smodss
ecrcmmstostmm,qaoaffiuc- tiam}qdaessdfferzassunt3=ficfuis &a mbo

tanimusposter'iotfisscrcbtipar seab' Augustino ιιιιιὶιιέὲει,’νι mmm·

ἡ ’ ι»,

 

